[IMPORTED] Reference Links and some code examples added (#8761)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.3/frontend-dev-guide/layouts/xml-manage.md

The path to assets is specified relatively to one the following locations:

> -  CSS and LESS files are stored under `<theme_dir>/web/css/`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  CSS and LESS files are stored in the  `<theme_dir>/web/css/` directory.
```

> -  CSS and LESS files are stored in the  `<theme_dir>/web/css/` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  CSS and LESS files are stored in the `<theme_dir>/web/css/` directory.
```

> -  Fonts related files are stored under `<theme_dir>/<Namespace>_<Module>/web/fonts/`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Font related files are stored in the `<theme_dir>/<Namespace>_<Module>/web/fonts/` directory
```

> -  Static assets like images are stored under `<theme_dir>/<Namespace>_<Module>/web/images/`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Static assets, like images, are stored in the `<theme_dir>/<Namespace>_<Module>/web/images/` directory
```

> -  JS files are stored under `<theme_dir>/<Namespace>_<Module>/web/js/`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  JS files are stored in the `<theme_dir>/<Namespace>_<Module>/web/js/` directory
```

As result, the `<body>` tag has a new `my-new-body-class` class on all product pages.

> For more information about Plugins refer to [Plugins in Magento]({{ page.baseurl }}/extension-dev-guide/plugins.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about Plugins, refer to [Plugins in Magento]({{ page.baseurl }}/extension-dev-guide/plugins.html)
```

> For more information about the Plugins refer to the [Plugins in Magento]({{ page.baseurl }}/extension-dev-guide/plugins.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about Plugins refer to [Plugins in Magento]({{ page.baseurl }}/extension-dev-guide/plugins.html)
```
